README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋 I'm Yogi
I'm from Indonesia 🇮🇩 and currently working in Seoul, South Korea 🇰🇷


🔭 I’m currently working as a Software Engineer at [Clika](https://clika.io), Auto TinyAI Company working on simplifying Model Optimization & Deployment

🌱 Aside from professional work, I’m currently working on:
- [Personal Website & Blog](https://yogi.sh)
- [english-speaking-korean.company](https://www.english-speaking-korean.company/) - crowd sourced website to help foreign job seekers finding english speaker-friendly companies in Korea
- ...

📫 How to reach me:
- email: yogi.salomo@gmail.com
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yogiisinaga/)
- instagram: [@yogiisinaga](https://www.instagram.com/yogiisinaga/)
<!--
**yogisalomo/yogisalomo** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 
- 
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...

- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

content: add lab scholarships to projects

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋 I'm Yogi
I'm from Indonesia 🇮🇩 and currently working in Seoul, South Korea 🇰🇷


🔭 I’m currently working as a Software Engineer at [Clika](https://clika.io), Auto TinyAI Company working on simplifying Model Optimization & Deployment

🌱 Aside from professional work, I’m currently working on:
- [Personal Website & Blog](https://yogi.sh)
- [english-speaking-korean.company](https://www.english-speaking-korean.company/) - crowd sourced website to help foreign job seekers finding english speaker-friendly companies in Korea
- [lab-scholarships.kr](https://www.lab-scholarships.kr/) - A one stop solution for aspiring graduate students to search information about lab/professor scholarships in Korea 🇰🇷

📫 How to reach me:
- email: yogi.salomo@gmail.com
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yogiisinaga/)
- instagram: [@yogiisinaga](https://www.instagram.com/yogiisinaga/)
<!--
**yogisalomo/yogisalomo** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 
- 
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...

- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
